Docs move keyless info to overview (#156)
sigstore/docs: content/en/cosign/public_deployment.md

---
title: "Public Deployment"
category: "Cosign"
position: 122
---

There is a public staging environment, or deployment, that is running Fulcio, Rekor and OIDC issuer.

> **NOTE** The staging environment provides no SLO guarantees nor the same protection of the root key material for TUF. This environment is meant for development and testing only, PLEASE do not use for production purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE** The staging environment provides neither SLO guarantees nor the same protection of the root key material for TUF. This environment is meant for development and testing only. It is not appropriate to use for production purposes.
```

The endpoints are as follows:

* https://fulcio.sigstage.dev
* https://rekor.sigstage.dev
* https://oauth2.sigstage.dev/auth

These instances are operated and maintained in the same manner as the public production environment for Sigstore.

### Usage

To use this instance, follow the steps below:

1. `rm -r ~/.sigstore`
1. `curl -O https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sigstore/root-signing/main/staging/repository/1.root.json`
1. `cosign initialize --mirror=https://tuf-repo-cdn.sigstore.dev --root=1.root.json`

> 1. `COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign sign --oidc-issuer "https://oauth2.sigstage.dev/auth" --fulcio-url "https://fulcio.sigstage.dev" --rekor-url "https://rekor.sigstage.dev" ${IMAGE_DIGEST}`

Reviewer 2: we can drop the experimental and need to add the `--yes` flag as well in the sign

Reviewer 3: Agreed on dropping experimental. I'd not include "--yes" though, because we don't want the examples to be skipping through that prompt

Reviewer 2: makes sense

> 1. `COSIGN_EXPERIMENTAL=1 cosign verify --rekor-url "https://rekor.sigstage.dev" ${IMAGE}`

Reviewer 2: same and need to add the certificate flags as well

Author: added oidc issuer flags.

> * Steps 1-4 configures your local environment to use the staging keys and certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Steps 1-4 configure your local environment to use the staging keys and certificates.
```

> * Step 5 specify the staging environment with flags needed for signing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Step 5 specifies the staging environment with flags needed for signing.
```

> * Step 6 specify the staging environment with flags needed for verifying.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Step 6 specifies the staging environment with flags needed for verifying.
```

#### Revert Back to Production

> We need to clear the local TUF root data and re-initialize with the default production TUF root data.

Reviewer: It seems like this sentence can have more context. Something like "In order to revert..."

Author: added the requested text.

---

> title: "Public Staging Environment"

Reviewer 3: Can we change this title to "Public Deployment"?

Author: changed
